doc: Advanced Cluster Differences and TF Core Upgrades (#2633)
mongodb/terraform-provider-mongodbatlas: docs/resources/cluster.md

`mongodbatlas_cluster` provides a Cluster resource. The resource lets you create, edit and delete clusters. The resource requires your Project ID.

> ~> **IMPORTANT:** The primary difference between [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](cluster) and [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](advanced_cluster) is that `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` supports [Multi-Cloud Clusters](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/introducing-multicloud-clusters-on-mongodb-atlas), [Asymmetric Sharding](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/advanced-cluster-new-sharding-schema), and [Independent Scaling of Analytics Node Tiers](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/introducing-ability-independently-scale-atlas-analytics-node-tiers).  We recommend new users start with the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](advanced_cluster) resource. For existing [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](cluster) resource users see our [Migration Guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide). 

Reviewer: This is hiding the headline - I'd change to something like: 

```suggestion
~> **IMPORTANT:** We recommend all new MongoDB Atlas Terraform users start with the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](advanced_cluster) resource.  Key differences between [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](cluster) and [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](advanced_cluster) include support for [Multi-Cloud Clusters](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/introducing-multicloud-clusters-on-mongodb-atlas), [Asymmetric Sharding](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/advanced-cluster-new-sharding-schema), and [Independent Scaling of Analytics Node Tiers](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/introducing-ability-independently-scale-atlas-analytics-node-tiers).  For existing [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](cluster) resource users see our [Migration Guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide). 
```

Reviewer: I also would recommend adding something to the migration guide that support for the move command is planned.  Without that we are sending folks to something that might trigger deep concerns if it's only got the current two options that don't work as well in enterprise environments.

Author: added additional commit as discussed over slack

> ~> **IMPORTANT:** The primary difference between [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](cluster) and [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](advanced_cluster) is that `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` supports [Multi-Cloud Clusters](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/introducing-multicloud-clusters-on-mongodb-atlas), [Asymmetric Sharding](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/advanced-cluster-new-sharding-schema), and [Independent Scaling of Analytics Node Tiers](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/introducing-ability-independently-scale-atlas-analytics-node-tiers).  We recommend new users start with the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](advanced_cluster) resource. For Exisiting [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](cluster) resource users see our [Migration Guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
~> **IMPORTANT:** The primary difference between [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](cluster) and [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](advanced_cluster) is that `mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster` supports [Multi-Cloud Clusters](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/introducing-multicloud-clusters-on-mongodb-atlas), [Asymmetric Sharding](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/advanced-cluster-new-sharding-schema), and [Independent Scaling of Analytics Node Tiers](https://www.mongodb.com/blog/post/introducing-ability-independently-scale-atlas-analytics-node-tiers).  We recommend new users start with the [`mongodbatlas_advanced_cluster`](advanced_cluster) resource. For existing [`mongodbatlas_cluster`](cluster) resource users see our [Migration Guide](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/mongodb/mongodbatlas/latest/docs/guides/cluster-to-advanced-cluster-migration-guide). 
```
